Modify S1118: migrate to LayC (#3308)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1118/howtofix.adoc

== How to fix it

> To prevent the class from being instantiated, you should define at least one non-public constructor 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the class from being instantiated, you should define a non-public constructor. This will prevent the compiler from implicitly generating a public parameterless constructor.
```
